Canada has been our home for the past
few years but today it's time to say
goodbye so for this big occasion we
decided to take advantage of the
mountains surrounding us in Vancouver
the mission was simple hike up the peak
of months see more at 4,700 feet and set
up camp in the snow to watch the Sun
Rise now even though Darren is not a fan
of hiking Matt was super stoked babe let
the journey begin this is only holes
whenever Gugu my knee hurts and that's
it goodbye my dollars enjoy the journey
my boys are all grown up place your
man's knees Kilimanjaro you make it all
the way from the top shocking oh yes I
did need you actually yeah shut it why
we don't go places with the Markus all
he thinks about is Big D worst food for
yourself let's get Oreos then literally
for a 10-hour trip trying to survive an
apocalypse
Smith knows what he's doing no you don't
want to pull up 127 hours
we could have been rescued if he told
someone where he was going oh my back
excited to this hill baby look at them
are just flying up that hill I'll give
you a countdown - we will see you in the
morning for the best sunrise humanly
possible no it's Kelly dude
Roma to get the sub nurse